This is one of two special Igor Procedures folders.

The other is created by Igor 6.1 or later when Igor starts up, and is normally
located here:

	<My Documents>\WaveMetrics\Igor Pro 6 User Files\Igor Procedures

A simple way to locate that folder is to choose "Show Igor Pro 6 User Files" from Igor's
Help Menu.

You can put Igor procedure files in here or shortcuts pointing to procedure
files or to folders containing procedure files.

When Igor starts up, it automatically opens any procedure files (or aliases to
files) in either of these folders.

Such procedure files are called "global" procedure files and are not
part of any experiment but are available to all experiments.

You should put only those procedures that you expect to use from
nearly all of your experiments in these folders.

NOTE:
  If you put a procedure file in either Igor Procedures folder and use
  any of the macros or functions in an Igor experiment file, then that
  experiment will require the procedure file to be available when the
  experiment is opened.
  
  If you transfer the experiment to another computer or user, you will need
  to transfer the procedure file also. If you forget the procedure
  file then the experiment will not open correctly.

NOTE:
  It is best if you save your own files in your own folder outside the
  Igor Pro Folder. This makes it possible for you to upgrade Igor in the
  future without worrying about losing your own files. 
  
  <My Documents>\WaveMetrics\Igor Pro 6 User Files\Igor Procedures
  is an ideal place for this.

PER-USER IGOR PROCEDURES

  Additionally, as with previous versions of Igor, the administrator can set up a
  "per-user shortcut" in, say, the Igor Procedures folder using a target path that
  uses the %USERPROFILE% environment variable. Then each user can create such a folder
  in their Documents and Settings folder to match.

  For example, if the administrator creates a shortcut in the installed Igor Pro Folder's
  Igor Procedures subfolder, and the target of that shortcut is:

	"%USERPROFILE%\My Documents\Igor Global Procedures"

  (Note: the quotes are required to make the shortcut resolve properly, and the
  administrator will probably need to create the Igor Global Procedures in his/her
  My Documents folder to successfully create the shortcut.)

  then a user named "Fred" would create a folder here:

	C:\Documents and Settings\Fred\My Documents\Igor Global Procedures 

  and put any procedure files he wanted to load when Igor starts.